Dear,

My name is Mr Alaine Kamba, I am the Bill and Exchange (assistant)
Manager of Bank of Africa Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. In my department
I discovered an abandoned sum of eighteen million three hundred
thousand United State of American dollars (18.3MILLION USA DOLLARS) in
an account that belongs to one of our foreign customer who died in
airline that crashed on 4th October 2001.

Since I got information about his death I have been expecting his next
of kin to come over and claim his money because we can not release it
unless somebody applies for it as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines, but unfortunately we
learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside
with him in the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is
therefore upon this discovery that I decided to make this business
proposal to you and release the money to you as next of kin or
relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since
nobody is coming for it and I don't want the money to go into the bank
treasury as unclaimed bill.

You will be entitled with 40% of the total sum while 60% will be for
me after which I will visit your Country to invest my own share when
the fund is successfully transferred into your account, Please I would
like you to keep this transaction confidential and as a top secret as
you may wish to know that I am a bank official.

Yours sincerely,
Mr Alaine Kamba.
--
To unsubscribe from this list: send the line "unsubscribe linux-ext4" in
the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
More majordomo info at  http://vger.kernel.org/majordomo-info.html
